# 1. What is a bundler?

A bundler is a development tool that combines many JavaScript code files into a single one that is production-ready loadable in the browser

For example:  
1. parcel 
2. webpack (used by `create-react-app`) and
3. vite ( prounounced as veet)


# 2. `npm` : 
## 1. About : 
It is a tool used for package managemnet.

>### Note : 
>`npm` does not stand for **node package manager** but everything else.

 1. `npm` alternative -> `yarn`

 ## 2. `npm` setup :
 ```
 npm init
 ```
 `npm init -y` can be used to skip the setup step, `npm` takes care of it and creates the `package.json` json file automatically , but without configurations.  

## 3. Difference betweeen `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.

1. `package.json` :

* this file is mandatory for every project
* It contains basicinformation about the project
* Application name/version/scripts (ng scripts)

2. `package-lock.json` :

* This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the  node_module tree or package-json.

* It is generated after an npm install

* It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.

* it also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual
‘committing the node_modules folder.

* It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them.
Futuee installs wll be capable of building identical description tree.

3. **~** or **^** in `package.json` file :
These are used with the versions of the package installed.

For example  in `package.json` file:
```
"dependencies": {
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0"
  }
```

* **~** : we can use it for minor version updates for a package.
* **^** : we can use it for major version updates for a package.

> If none of them is present , that means only the version specified in `package.json` file is used in the development.


# 3. Parcel:

Parcel is a bundler used for development and productions purposes.

## Parcel Features:

* HMR - Hot Module Replacement - parcel keeps track of file changes via file watcher algorithm and renders the changes in the files
* File watcher algorithm - made with C++
* MINIFY
* BUNDLING
* Cleaning our code
* DEV and production Build
* Super fast building algorithm
* does image optimization also
* Caching while development
* Compresses
* Compatible with older version of browser
* HTTPS in dev
* port Number
* Consistent hashin algorithm
* Zero Configuration

## installation commands:

1. Install:
```
npm install -D parcel
```
`-D` is used for development and as a development dependency.

2. Parcel Commands :

- For development build:
```
npx parcel <entry_point> 
```
- For production build :
```
npx parcel build <entry_point> 
```

# 4. Why react is fast?

It is not only the virtual DOM that makes React faster but other components like bundlers (e.g. parcel, webpack ,vite etc. ) and development ecosystme also.  

# 5. Transitive dependencies:
It is a type of dependency where one dependency requires another dependency to work properly and another dependency requires an another dependecy.

# 6. devDependencies vs dependency :
A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively. DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development.

# 7. What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is process of removing the unwanted code that we do not use while developing the application

# 8. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Parcel/Webpack are type of bundlers that we use to power our application with different type functionalities and features.

Some of the features that they have:
  
  1. Image optimization - Optimize the images for frontend   
  2. Minification - minify the code 
  3. HMR (Hot module replacement) uses file watcher algorithms - They  keep track of the changes made while developing the application and renders them on the web UI.
  4. Code cleaning 
  5. 

# 9. What is `npx` ?
`npx` is a tool that is used to execute the packages registered on the `npm` registry without installin them.


# 10. What is `.parcel-cache`?
`.parcel-cache` is used by parsel to reduce the building time. `.parcel-cache` contains the imformation about the project so that it can reduce the building time if we rebuild the application again.

# 11. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
This file contains the list of  files that we should not commit to the repository.


# 12. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
`package-lock.json` file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions  used in the project. Deleting it would cause depencies issues in the production environment.

# 13. What is the `dist` folder?
`dist` folder is created when parcel creates the build for the application . It contains the HTML and CSS and JS with other files  for the build.

