# Theory Assignment
## 1. What is `npm`? : 
### 1. About : 
It is a tool used for package managemnet.

>### Note : 
>`npm` does not stand for **node package manager** but everything else.

 1. `npm` alternative -> `yarn`

 ### 2. `npm` setup :
 ```
 npm init
 ```
 `npm init -y` can be used to skip the setup step, `npm` takes care of it and creates the `package.json` json file automatically , but without configurations. 
## 2. What is `Parcel/Webpack`? Why do we need it?
Parcel/Webpack are type of bundlers that we use to power our application with different type functionalities and features.

## 3. What is `.parcel-cache`?
`.parcel-cache` is used by parsel to reduce the building time. `.parcel-cache` contains the imformation about the project so that it can reduce the building time if we rebuild the application again.

## 4. What is `npx` ?
`npx` is a tool that is used to execute the packages registered on the `npm` registry without installin them.

## 5. What is difference between `dependencies` vs `devDependencies` ? :
A dependency is a library that a project needs to function effectively. DevDependencies are the packages a developer needs during development.

## 7. What is Tree Shaking?
Tree shaking is process of removing the unwanted code that we do not use while developing the application

## 8. What is Hot Module Replacement?
Hot Module Replacement or HMR is a feature that bundler provides. HMR uses File Watcher algorithms to keep track of file changes while development and renders those changes on the Web UI.     

## 9. List down your favourite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own words.

- **HMR** - Hot module replacement : Parcel provides HMR properties to keep track of files changes by using file watcher algorithms. 
- **Compression** : Parcel provides compression properties to compress our files e.g images to optimize the performance of our app.
- **Minification** : Parcel minifies the code.
- **Zero config** : Unlike Webpack, Parcel requires zero configurations to setup.
- **Old browser competibility** : Parcel allows support for older broser also.

## 11. What is `.gitignore`? What should we add and not add into it?
This file contains the list of  files that we should not commit to the repository.
 
## 3. What is the difference betweeen `package.json` and `package-lock.json`.

1. `package.json` :

    * this file is mandatory for every project
    * It contains basicinformation about the project
    * Application name/version/scripts (ng scripts)

2. `package-lock.json` :

    * This file is automatically generated for those operations where npm modifies either the  node_module tree or package-json.

    * It is generated after an npm install

    * It allows future devs & automated systems to download the same dependencies as the project.

    * it also allows to go back to the past version of the dependencies without actual
    ‘committing the node_modules folder.

    * It records the same version of the installed packages which allows to reinstall them.
    Futuee installs wll be capable of building identical description tree.

3. **~** or **^** in `package.json` file :
These are used with the versions of the package installed.

- For example  in `package.json` file:
```
"dependencies": {
    "react": "^18.2.0",
    "react-dom": "^18.2.0"
  }
```

- **~** : we can use it for minor version updates for a package.
* **^** : we can use it for major version updates for a package.

> If none of them is present , that means only the version specified in `package.json` file is used in the development.


## 12. Why should I not modify `package-lock.json`?
`package-lock.json` file contains the information about the dependencies and their versions  used in the project. Deleting it would cause depencies issues in the production environment.

## 13. What is `node_modules` ? Is it a good idea to push that on git?

`node_modules` is a folder that contains all the packages and dependecies used the the development of the applicaion. 
\n It is big file that we should not push to github. 

## 14. What is the `dist` folder?
`dist` folder is created when parcel creates the build for the application . It contains the HTML and CSS and JS with other files  for the build.

## What is `browserlists`?
`browserlist` is a list brosers that our applicaion should support . It also covers the browser coverage over a geographical area.





















